intercultura 2006 casa schifano we are
here in the company of anthony with the
son and the adoptive father
we immediately ask anthony how it was
this intercultural experience e
especially what you thought of when
interculture have decided to send you ed
in san diego
when the small town of the
sicilia which rebels against the first thing
what I thought was but Sicily does
part Italy I was a little shocked
because I didn't expect it to send of
go to sicily
but I did some research on
internet reminded me that I was looking for
of few drinkers and there is a city in the
spain that is called Ribera then
open a little or think that it was that
someone made a mistake in me
they sent to spain and in the end i got
searched on google is a city of its own
very small in the middle of the countryside
later beyond what I knew nothing
it is instead the father what he thought
when he realized that instead a
boy from the metropolis such as san diego
the california and san diego i knew
from the
from the movies in fact many films are
implanted and sees all the children
a gymnast will now come from
things we hope will be less modest and for
luck we were lucky and came
a good Californian boy is less valuable
then what is the experience that has you
hit more then instead here in ribera
according to experience a particular yes
that you remained in the heart that maybe the
remember with a service
then there was a story of a worry
I was here for type 3 3 4 months at that
dot yes and rome
I had already found myself well situated
then I come back at random one day later
inside the apartment and I see a box
of cardboard and inside was a puppy
there is a German shepherd
I love pro dogs I was a little shocked
to see this animal inside this one
arrived box does not come from me tells me
anthony must do me a courtesy
I took this puppy I want it
I wanted a dog, but look at them
lets you have it then when there
I'll go back home and believe he worships
these things you must tell alina that you
you were coming back from school and you got it
found this puppy in the street was
so cute he didn't want to leave her
you picked it up and took me to
home of this alino annino and I will help you
forever then the rivalry at home and
he starts to shout look there is a
puppy what can we do who
takes care of this animal
final watch looks was coming back from
high school I saw the puppy is so sweet
I had to take home with me I said it
at a young age the guild interrupts the hotel
I wait to bring he said to say
these lies
but at the end we have a quick moment
got the manta then due at the end
have you managed to get that
instead you wanted the experience more
funny here is what you keep
to the heart of the gaetano of nothing nor
excuse of anthony are many but one in
particularly successful after a few months that
he was here calling me tano and i need to
I tell you nothing you could
to accompany a sciacca that there is a party
of young people of interculture when we
see if any of your friends can
take you months and no there's no one goes
well don't worry, I 'll accompany you
then as you come back the problem says how
Should I go back to pick me up
it's good to go with you
to take oneself as the holidays extend
always after 2 and 3 am therefore you are
quiet does not last long the party goes well
then I say it means that I am coming
I will respect hill we went to
I was the first to tell you
sentimental but you could not say that you
you are not feeling well that you cannot go there
the problem is that I organized it
party and therefore had organized the
party in jacques foreseeing already in
advance that I would have accompanied that
very van did not appear and then a
Another has integrated very well without
he organized the event in short
at one last thing is a word in
Sicilian that has remained in your heart
u picciotteddu because own pc ed
because this sound is a vision
figure is not found is not found from
other parts and for me they enjoy
use dialect words kid test
exceeded we thank our guests
rita montalbano for posts